Fix: Typo "optot" -> "opt out" (#515)
mswjs/mswjs.io: websites/mswjs.io/src/content/docs/websocket/index.mdx

## Important defaults

> The library implements a set of default behaviors to guarantee good developer experience for different testing and development scenarios. You can optout from all of these and fine-tune the interception to suit your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library implements a set of default behaviors to guarantee good developer experience for different testing and development scenarios. You can opt out from all of these and fine-tune the interception to suit your needs.
```

I believe these are two separate words.

Author: You are right, thx.
